README.md, before:

<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" style="margin: auto" width="90" />

# TailorMade

A Flutter experiment for managing a Fashion designer's daily routine. Logo, Design & Concept by Me.

> Android-only support

## Tools

1.  Firebase Auth
2.  Firebase Cloud Firestore
3.  Firebase Cloud Functions
4.  Firebase Storage
5.  RxDart
6.  Redux
7.  Redux Epics

For a full description of OSS used, see pubspec.yaml

## UI Shots

<div style="text-align: center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss01.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss02.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss03.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss04.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss05.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss06.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss07.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss08.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss09.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss10.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss11.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss12.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss13.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss14.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss15.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss16.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss17.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss18.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss19.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss20.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss21.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss22.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>

For help getting started with Flutter, view our online
[documentation](https://flutter.io/).

Commit message:

release: 1.0.0 🎉 (#50)
* fix: prepare for 0.2.1 (#48)

* fix(functions): stats contacts regression

* fix: measurement creation for new contacts

* fix: no decimals in lower android APIs

* refactor: homepage landscape mode

* chore: ui clean up

* fix: material color

* chore: update TASKS

* release: prepare for 1.0 (#49)

* chore: base template setup

* feat: initial proposal for rate limit template

* feat: first draft access denied template

* chore(models): account status

* chore: rework templates

* refactor(redux): account status

* refactor(home): with status templates

* feat: implement premium accounts

* feat: implement notice

* chore: update notice on move to premium

* feat: added common settings

* chore: code clean up

* chore: update TASKS

* release: pre 1.0.0 ✨

* chore(functions): default account data

* chore: code clean up

* chore: added get_version

* feat: had to bump to 1.0.1

* feat: ok, so no more 1.0.1

still on the road map to 1.0.0

* chore: update README

README.md, after:

<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" style="margin: auto" width="90" />

# TailorMade: Managing a Fashion designer's daily routine.

TailorMade is what actually started out as an experiment with [Flutter](https://flutter.io/), [flutter_redux](https://github.com/brianegan/flutter_redux) and [Firebase Cloud Functions](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/cloud_functions) but instead turned out to be a valuable tool for managing a Fashion designer's daily routine. It is clean, easy on the eyes and overall has a very smooth feel. It also handles offline use cases with Firebase Cloud. Logo, Design & Concept by Me.

<div>
<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.jogboms.tailormade'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='./screenshots/google_play.png' height='40px'/></a>
</div>

## Tools

1.  Firebase Auth
2.  Firebase Cloud Firestore
3.  Firebase Cloud Functions
4.  Firebase Storage
5.  Google SignIn
6.  RxDart
7.  Flutter Redux
8.  Redux Epics
9.  Image Picker
10. Photo View
11. Cached Network Image
12. Flutter SpinKit
13. Flutter Get Version
14. Flutter Masked Text

For a full description of OSS used, see pubspec.yaml

## UI Shots

<div style="text-align: center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss01.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss02.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss03.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss04.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss05.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss06.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss07.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss08.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss09.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss10.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss11.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss12.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss13.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss14.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss15.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss16.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss17.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss18.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss19.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss20.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss21.png" width="200" />
      </td>
      <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="./screenshots/ss22.png" width="200" />
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>

For help getting started with Flutter, view our online
[documentation](https://flutter.io/).
